After decades of war,
Leading to destruction first in the fire,
Only Gu Shanghupi is left,
This is consistent with the process of merely recognizing no rights,
How could he be so angry with a young boy?
Old man Ma has seen enough,
I must see what is missing,
Our reborn eyes make it impossible for the reborn to make an evaluation,
Why do you want to take a look at it?
It’s not a good idea to follow Wu Kao,
This kid can't even think of Feng Shui.
Just press it down,
How is it possible, for a young boy,
It's actually better than a new life.
I said not to say good friends
Don't forget to be nice
You read that right, I’m talking about Sun Changxun
What good things do you have now?
It's good to think of a way
But the general
did you forget
What about the priesthood you just held?
But there is another test, yes
Want to be the husband of a princess
Not that simple
You have to do things to live me
It is only responsible
I see you two
It's this Meng Xing who won't let me follow the rules
You are almost wrong
This is really His Majesty's man
I'm fine, I'm out
You said to inform my mouth
No need to die
But this is obviously going to be difficult.
I don't even answer this